{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c50251\c50251\c50189;
\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17280\viewh9280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A goods receipt interacts with [1, 1] invoice receipt (on average 1.000).\uc0\u8232 A invoice receipt interacts with [1, 4] goods receipt (on average 2.094).\u8232 (goods receipt, invoice receipt) has [1, 1] and (invoice receipt, goods receipt) has [1, 4].\
m2o 11\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A goods receipt interacts with [1, 1] payment (on average 1.000).\uc0\u8232 A payment interacts with [1, 4] goods receipt (on average 2.094).\u8232 (goods receipt, payment) has [1, 1] and (payment, goods receipt) has [1, 4].\cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 m2o 11\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A goods receipt interacts with [1, 4] purchase_order (on average 2.082).\uc0\u8232 A purchase_order interacts with [1, 4] goods receipt (on average 2.529).\u8232 (goods receipt, purchase_order) has [1, 4] and (purchase_order, goods receipt) has [1, 4].\
m2m\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A invoice receipt interacts with [1, 1] payment (on average 1.000).\uc0\u8232 A payment interacts with [1, 1] invoice receipt (on average 1.000).\u8232 (invoice receipt, payment) has [1, 1] and (payment, invoice receipt) has [1, 1].\
o2o 11\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A invoice receipt interacts with [1, 4] purchase_order (on average 1.724).\uc0\u8232 A purchase_order interacts with [1, 1] invoice receipt (on average 1.000).\u8232 (invoice receipt, purchase_order) has [1, 4] and (purchase_order, invoice receipt) has [1, 1].\cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 m2o 11\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A payment interacts with [1, 4] purchase_order (on average 1.724).\uc0\u8232 A purchase_order interacts with [1, 1] payment (on average 1.000).\u8232 (payment, purchase_order) has [1, 4] and (purchase_order, payment) has [1, 1].\cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 m2o 11\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A purchase_order interacts with [1, 1] quotation (on average 1.000).\uc0\u8232 A quotation interacts with [1, 4] purchase_order (on average 1.724).\u8232 (purchase_order, quotation) has [1, 1] and (quotation, purchase_order) has [1, 4].\cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 m2o 11\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A material interacts with [1, 1] purchase_requisition (on average 1.000).\uc0\u8232 A purchase_requisition interacts with [0, 4] material (on average 1.949).\u8232 (material, purchase_requisition) has [1, 1] and (purchase_requisition, material) has [0, 4].\cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 m2o 01\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 A purchase_requisition interacts with [1, 1] quotation (on average 1.000).\uc0\u8232 A quotation interacts with [1, 1] purchase_requisition (on average 1.000).\u8232 (purchase_requisition, quotation) has [1, 1] and (quotation, purchase_requisition) has [1, 1].\cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 o2o 11\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
}